

how to add in a literature study / concept review?

should concepts be before or after architecture in chpt 2?

The pinhole camera model?




?, write answer

intro
	problem, context
	briefly, overview of implementation/ solution as I designed it eventually
		two cameras, filters, 
		don't discuss how -- in rest of report
		just what it is / what it looks like
			components in the introduction
	explain the big picture
	1. actual system with different components
		photo with different components
		valuable, but not necessary
	2. scenario
		application
		land, drone, arrows, labels to two cameras, two images of environment
		clear clear picture -- NB
	3. overview explanation of the process
		flow diagram
		how the different components / processes link to the answer
	how the system ended up being
	System Architecture
		how design system with all components

Literature study
	how have others solved the problem?
	what techniques are available that would help solve the problem, or parts of it.
		concepts
	evaluation -- what did I learn
		discuss as well as evaluate
		red vs blue filter
		don't mix what otehrs have done with my descision
			your design should be separate from the literature review
	what did I learn to help me design the solution



System Integration
	

don't break up sections

don't have 20 headings on one pages

flow and structure

too much structure will revent fow

what is the point of the next chapter?
	going more in depth into the overview


ndvi is a discussion of the technique, 


# construction process and integration

Structure for each chapter
	componetnt(s) of the solution {hardware, software, algorithm, process}
		problem
		literature review
		solution design
		implementation and testing
		results and analysis
			for the different components, don't show exhaustive tests on each
		conclusion
			did solution solve the problem?
			convince

testing
	over-arching question
		how well does the system work
		each test must answer the OA question and suport
		don't do redundant test
		only have 40 pages, so only discuss to an appropriate amount of detail


sys integration and testing
	first explain how everything went together
	not in depth
	what I did and how I did it,
	go towards the question of how well did it work

	componetnts
		how did I design my tests?
		what were the results of the tests
		process / analyse the results in an appropraite way such that it wuold lead to the conclusion
			2 classes
				quantitvie analysis
					attach numver
				qualitive analysis
					show certain asppectso f the solution
					illustrate how it works in specific scenarios
					NDVI might have calibratiob plate, should give certain index valuable, comapred calc value with what it should be
					secondly, show results qualitiviely whether results work well or not, which is hard to show with numbers
					shadow or sun, same values?
						hard to attach numbers
						idea is to zoom in or isolate certain effects so that I can make conclusions on how well it works
						under which range of conditions does it work well
						does it work well in both sunligh and shade
						multiple different sub-questions


conclusion
	direct result of sys integration
	completely convinced
	mirrors problem statement
		sovle this problem
		did my solution solve thius problem?


abstract
	one or two results
	what is the prject about, and is it worth reading?
	most of them one only reads the abstract


conclusion